welcome back to our weekly assassin's
creed lore overview
right here at psg every week on probably
about tuesday
we pick one of the assassin's creed
games and we give you a synopsis of the
plot behind it
and today we're going to be covering
assassin's creed brotherhood
click the links down below to see how we
got here after escaping the templars
desmond once again plugs into the animus
as lucy and her team head for the last
safe house
inside the memories of ezio auditory
desmond watches as his ancestor leaves
the vaults where he discovered the
strange being known as a minerva
ezio is confused by what he saw and
surprised to discover that rodrigo has
escaped which honestly i don't know why
he's surprised about he left him alive
aided by his uncle mario ezio and his
friends return once
more to their villa at first ezio is at
peace
believing that his mission of vengeance
has come to an end that rodrigo would in
no way
want any form of revenge the templars
are not done with them yet
as the rest of us it led by cesare
borgia
the templar forces attack the city the
villa is destroyed and ezio is wounded
and after he obtains the apple of eden
cesare then kills mario as ezio is
watching
though he is wounded ezio manages to
chase after cesare but quickly passes
out from his wounds after these events
play out
desmond awakens from the animus and his
team has arrived at the remains of
ezio's villa
where they hope to hide from abstergo
within an assassin's sanctuary beneath
the philip
slipping inside with his new abilities
that he has learned from the bleed
effect
which is when you've been in the animus
too long and you learn how to be that
individual
desmond quickly unlocks the sanctuary
for others reestablishing the power
sources there
within the sanctuary desmond sees images
of ezio and strange
writings on the wall and once inside
lucy explains that they need to find the
apple of eden in the hopes that they can
stop whatever event minerva tried to
warn them about
after setting up the new animus desmond
once again descends into his ancestors
memories he awakens
back in rome with ezio quickly meeting
nicolo machiavelli an old friend and
fellow assassin
seo is shocked to discover that the
assassins have been losing in their war
against the templars
and their corruption vowing vengeance
for his uncle mario and hoping to once
again acquire the apple of eden
ezio sets out to free roam from the
templars influence
it takes four years for him to fight
against the templar forces and in this
time
he begins to rebuild the assassin order
recruiting novices
while also re-establishing relations
within the great guilds of the city
with the assassin order once again
strong and united ezio begins to send
teams throughout the country to fight
against templar oppression
for his work he is named the mentor of
the assassins
however cesare learns avezio's work and
the assassins going about rebuilding so
he goes to his father rodrigo the pope
in the hopes of more money more men and
the power of the apple
but the pope doesn't wish to provoke the
assassin order informing jesus that he
should not have attacked them
that he should have left them alone and
that he knew that this would eventually
happen
but he also knows that his son won't
stop in his pursuits
the cesare feels slighted by their
assassins and insists on proving that
the borgias are more powerful than the
assassins
so rodrigo the pope attempts to poison
his son
but jesuit knows of his father's plot
and kills him instead
what cesare doesn't know is that ezio
actually snuck inside of the castle and
saw him murder rodrigo
cesare learns of the apple's location
and he sets out with ezio in pursuit
and luckily the assassin manages to get
to the apple first
using the artifacts of vast power ezio
manages to break up cesare's army
then aided by his fellow assassins he
fights against jesuit at the gates of
rome the fight is interrupted though
when the armies of the new pope arrive
and arrest him for the murder of
rodrigo as he's led away cheshire tells
ezio that he won't be in chains long
these words worried ezio and he used the
apple to look into the future
he saw that cesare was right that he
would not remain imprisoned
so ezio sets off on his own believing
that his brotherhood would survive
without
him in 1507 when ezio finally caught up
to cesare
fighting through the siege of vienna to
face the man ezio faced
cesare in the final fight on the castle
walls but even in defeat
cesare claimed that he would not die by
the hands of man
ezio agreed allowing jesus death to be
at the hands of fate
and with these words he threw him off
the castle wall
shockingly the fall did manage to kill
him so in a way
he wasn't wrong about his death and with
his mission finally finished ezio once
again returns to the city of rome
where he hides the apple within a vault
beneath the santa maria artichole
coming out of the animus the team
quickly figures out that the strange
writings on the wall of the sanctuary
are the spoken password that they will
need to get inside of that vault
heading to rome desmond quickly slips
inside where he discovers
another hologram of the first
civilization individual
juno as juno begins to speak to him
desmond discovers that only he can hear
and see her and as he continues into the
temple of juno the holograms explained
that mankind
was not created to be wise that they
lack the sense of knowledge and that the
first
civilization should have left them the
way that they were
finally with the others in the chamber
they discovered the apple of eden on a
raised
platform and after he worked out how to
get to the apple desmond reaches out
and he touches it suddenly time stops
all around him and before him stands
juno who explains that desmond is
actually descended from her race
and that he is her enemy she explains
that there is a woman who must not be
allowed to accompany him through the
gate
these words make little sense to desmond
but it doesn't matter as time begins to
flow again
desmond finds that juno has taken
control of his body
she forces him across the room and uses
his hidden blade to stab
lucy in the stomach both fall to the
ground the desmond
slipping into a coma as lucy bleeds out
before him
and that is the storyline to brotherhood
now for those who are wondering
our plan with these assassin's creed
lore videos is to begin by doing each
and every one of the games telling you
how they all link together
then we're going to do a master timeline
in which i explain everything that
happened in the modern day
and what's going on in the past on top
of that we're also going to be telling
you story lines that are happening in
the
mobile games in the comic books and
stuff like that
so we're hoping that by the time we get
done with this coverage of assassin's
creed here at psg
you will know everything that there is
to know about assassin's creed
and if you're curious me benny on the
psg podcast i'm telling you about my
journey
i'm trying to platinum every single
assassin's creed game and oh my god is
it getting annoying at times
either way guys thank you so much for
watching this video and please come back
next tuesday for the next chapter of our
assassin's creed lore